In this section,
we're going to go over MS-DOS,
which is just a bunch of
like Windows commands.
Which you can do on the Windows
machine and Google Search.
>> So like Randy said,
MS- DOS is a command prompt for Windows.
And the commands on the MS-DOS
are kind of similar, but
a little bit different
from the Unix terminal.
And so, the first thing we have there,
just a few things I
wanna go over is d-i-r.
And dir does the same thing that
LS does on the UNIX terminal.
It basically, displays the contents
of whatever folder you're in.
The next thing I wanna go over
there is you have cls and
that's a very common one too.
You might find that
very useful just clear.
When you are running a bunch of commands
and you have a bunch of clutter on your
screen, you can just use that
command to clear the terminal.
And as you can see,
you have a bunch of other commands there.
They're a little bit different
from the UNIX commands,
but they do the same function.
>> Right.
You pause video, take a look.
>> Yeah, you can pause a video and-
>> Like we said,
before later in the course,
maybe you might forget.
And you might wanna relearn something.
You just come back right here.
We'll see you again.
>> And in the procedure documents,
we'll have even more resources for you.
So you can look at other commands there.
>> And with that,
this concludes the lesson.
And we'll see you next time.